@deprecated

# Collect HITRUST evidences using JupiterOne Asset Inventory app

_Article updated on 2018-09-21_

Below are some examples of HITRUST evidences that can be generated by using the
JupiterOne Asset Inventory app.

**Listing of in-scope servers and their classifications and owners**

Use *Quick Filter* to select **Class** `Host`, and then select your production
account in tag.AccountName in Filter panel

**Explanation and Location of Any Unencrypted PHI**

Use *Quick Filter* to select **Class** `Host` and `DataStore`, and then select
`true` for `tag.PHI` in *Filter Panel*. The resulting table/screenshot should
show that all Data Stores tagged with PHI should be encrypted.  Note that this
requires proper tagging at the source.  The tag name does not have to be PHI.

**Evidence of At-Rest Encryption for Example Server**

Use *Quick Filter* to select **Class** `DataStore` and **Type**
`aws_ec2_volume`, and then select your production account in `tag.AccountName`
in *Filter Panel*. The table should show all encrypted volumes.

**Firewall rules**

Use *Quick Filter* to select **Class** `Firewall`, and then
select your production account in `tag.AccountName` in *Filter Panel*.

**System Configuration Compliance (AWS)**

Use *Quick Filter* to select **Class** `ControlPolicy`, **Type**
`aws_config_rule`, and then select your production account in `tag.AccountName`
in *Filter Panel*. Note that if the `aws_config_rule` is the only available
**Type** under `ControlPolicy`, the **Type** filter will be hidden.

**Listing of Production and Database servers**

Use *Quick Filter* to select
**Class** `Host` and `DataStore`, and then select your production account in
`tag.AccountName` in *Filter Panel*.

**Explanation of All Shared/Group and Generic User Accounts Maintained on the Network Domain and Each In-Scope Application**

Use *Quick Filter* to select **Class** `AccessRole`, and then select your
production account in `tag.AccountName` in *Filter Panel*. Note that you may
need to update the role description in AWS if it's not there already. The
description serves as the explanation of use.

---

All of the above you can take screenshot as evidences, or you can export the
Asset Inventory table to a CSV by clicking on the Download icon.

---

You will be able to collect/present evidences for the following items soon:

**Risk Register**

We will add the ability / app for you to add and track Risks in JupiterOne.

**Evidence of Network Segmentation for Sensitive Applications/Systems**

We will add ingesting of AWS VPC and subnets. You can then generate an Asset
Inventory report for those, which can be used as evidence to show that you
maintain separate networks. You can also take screenshots of the Graph Viewer
showing resources connected to different VPCs and Subnets and a supporting
evidence.

**Listing of Employees with Access to PHI**

We are adding a query language for you to do precise filters of cross entity
relationships. In this particular case, you can create a query for something
like "Find Users that has access to DataStores that is tagged with PHI".