# JupiterOne 2019.28 Release

2019-08-20

## New Features

- Several exciting capabilities added to the **AWS Integration**:

  - Analysis of **S3 Bucket Policies** and build out permission relationships
    between the bucket and the principals.

    > _This is in addition to parsing of bucket ACLs which was already
    > supported._

  - Analysis of **IAM Policy Documents** and build out permission relationships
    between the IAM policy and target resources.

    > _This allows you to query and visualize the IAM permissions on a graph.
    > For example queries, see [this article][1]._

  - Analysis of **EC2 Instance IAM Role Profiles** and mapping them to the IAM
    Role an EC2 Instance is allowed to assume.

    > _Combined with the policy document parsing above, this allows you to
    > identify potential misconfigurations and permissions that may be too
    > broad._
    >
    > _Read [this blog post][2] to see how this helps quickly identify issues
    > similar to the one contributed to the recent Capital One data breach._

  - Enabled parsing of addition attributes on **Inspector Findings** and set
    them as properties, including `protocol`, `port`, `tcpPorts`, `udpPorts`,
    `eni`, `ruleType`, `instanceId`, `igw`, `vpc`, `securityGroup`, and `acl`.

- Collecting and displaying entity **Raw Data**:

  In some cases, data capture from an integration provider may not be suitable
  as properties assigned to an entity resource. For example, the actual _policy
  document_ of an AWS IAM policy. In this case, that data is captured and stored
  in its raw format.

  You can view Raw Data in the **Entity Properties Panel** from either the
  **Asset Inventory** app or **Graph View** of query results in **Landing**.

- From the **Integrations** page, you now have the option to **manually trigger
  multiple integrations** to run instead of one at a time (e.g. for multiple
  AWS accounts integrated with JupiterOne).

- From the **Alerts -> Open Vulns & Findings** view, you now have the option to
  **tweak the vulnerability findings query** that generates the findings count
  and listing.

## Community Projects

_Community resources are provided AS IS. Code contributions and forks welcome._

- Ever wondered what the dependency relationships look like among your own code
  repos? We've added a new open source project `map-repo-dependencies` to help
  answer that. For more details, see:
  <https://github.com/JupiterOne/map-repo-dependencies>

_This is the first time we are including community resources in release notes.
There are a few previously published resources to mention:_

- `jupiterone-client-nodejs`: A node.js client wrapper and CLI utility for
  JupiterOne public API.
  <https://github.com/JupiterOne/jupiterone-client-nodejs>

- `secops-automation-examples`: Examples on how to maintain security/compliance
  as code and to automate SecOps using the JupiterOne platform.
  <https://github.com/JupiterOne/secops-automation-examples>

- `security-policy-templates`: A set of policies, standards and procedures with
  mapping to HIPAA, HITRUST CSF, PCI DSS, NIST, CIS Controls, etc.
  <https://github.com/JupiterOne/security-policy-templates>

- `jupiter-policy-builder`: CLI for generating policies, standards and
  procedures (PSP) documentation in Markdown and publishing to JupiterOne.
  <https://github.com/JupiterOne/jupiter-policy-builder>

- `npm-enforce-age`: A utility that reminds you when it is time to revoke your
  issued NPM tokens.
  <https://github.com/JupiterOne/npm-enforce-age>

## Early Access Features

- A number of fixes and improvements were made to the **Question Trend Charts**
  early access feature:

  - Different data series on the trend chart did not display different colors.

  - Updated the labels of data series on the trend chart to display the name of
    the stored query when available.
  
  - Added an option for users to enable/disable display of trends when editing a
    saved question in the library.

## Improvements and Bug Fixes

- Improved the UI display of properties in the **Entity Properties Panel** for
  array and JSON text properties.

- Fixed an issue when editing custom properties of an entity in Asset Inventory,
  number values were saved as strings.

- Fixed an issue where the `unique` keyword in certain queries did not correctly
  return all values.

- Fixed an issue where Alert Rules were created without a `Create Alert` action
  or `version` for queries when using basic rule editor.

- Fixed an issue where changes to a new Insights board immediately after it was
  created overrides the board that was previously opened.

- Fixed the query generated by the `Find Similar` action from entity property
  panel when the selected property value was not a string.

- Improved handling of streamed alerts processing.

- Improved error messages for query error reporting in the Landing app.

- Several other misc. backend and UI/UX improvements.

[1]: ../queries/common-qq-aws-permissions.md
[2]: https://jupiterone.com/blog/capital-one-data-breach/
