# JupiterOne 2019.15 Release

2019-01-07

## New Features

- **Graph** mode for the search/query results in Landing Zone is now available!
  You can switch to Graph mode for any search or query to get a focused visual
  or the entities and relationships from the results. The graph is interactive
  so that you can further expand for deeper analysis.

- Much improved **Search in Landing Zone** that allows all of the following
  modes in one place:

    1. **Keywords search** to ask saved/packaged questions
    2. **Full text search** across all entities based on their property values
    3. **JupiterOne query language (J1QL)** for precise querying of entities and relationships
    4. **Combining** full text search with J1QL

- New ingestion and analysis from **AWS**:

    - S3 Bucket ACL processing and access mapping
    - S3 Bucket public access block configuration
    - Account password policy
    - IAM User MFA devices and access keys

- Added **OR** operator support on relationship keywords in **J1QL**. For example:
  `Find HostAgent that (PROTECTS|MANAGES|MONITORS) Host`

- Condensed **quick filter by entity class icons** in Asset Inventory app.

- You can **edit or delete** an entity manually from the Asset Inventory app.

- **Web links** are added to most entities ingested, allowing you to directly
  open in a new tab to view the resource in the source web console.

- Added linking to **Geolocation lookup of IP Address and CIDR** of a Host or
  Network.

- New packaged questions and queries added:

    - [general] _What are my information assets?_
    - [general] _What are my production data stores and databases?_
    - [general] _What are my production resources?_
    - [general] _What are my production applications?_
    - [general] _Which devices have been disposed in the last 12 months?_

    - [access] _Who has been assigned permissions with 'Admin' access?_
    - [access] _Who owns which user accounts?_
    - [access] _What are the shared/generic/service accounts? (user accounts that are not individually owned)_
    - [access] _Show me the current password policy and compliance status._
    - [access] _Find anything that allows public access to everyone._

    - [appdev] _Were there any Code Repos added in the last 24 hours?_

    - [data] _Is my production or PHI/PII data stores encrypted?_
    - [data] _Are there any non-public data stores incorrectly configured with public access to everyone?_

    - [endpoint] _What is the configuration and compliance status of my endpoint devices?_
    - [endpoint] _Whose endpoint is out of compliance?_
    - [endpoint] _Is there malware protection for all endpoints?_
    - [endpoint] _Are there security agents monitoring and protecting my endpoint hosts/devices?_
    - [endpoint] _Are my servers and systems protected by hosted-based firewall?_

    - [infra] _Are there potential IP collisions among the networks/subnets in my environment?_
    - [infra] _What are directly connected to the Internet?_
    - [infra] _What network traffic is allowed between internal and external networks?_
    - [infra] _Is there proper segmentation/segregation of internal networks?_
    - [infra] _Are wireless networks segmented and protected by firewalls?_
    - [infra] _Are there VPN configured for remote access?_
    - [infra] _Show all inbound SSH firewall rules across my network environments._
    - [infra] _Is inbound SSH allowed directly from an external host or network?_

    - [aws] _Is MFA enabled for the Account Root User for all my AWS accounts?_
    - [aws] _Are there root user access keys in use for any of my AWS accounts?_
    - [aws] _Is public access block configured for non-public S3 Buckets?_
    - [aws] _Is public read access enabled for any S3 Bucket?_
    - [aws] _Is public write access enabled for any S3 Bucket?_
    - [aws] _Is S3 bucket access granted to anybody outside of the account?_
    - [aws] _Is there any S3 bucket that grants full control access to anybody other than the owner?_
    - [aws] _What are the service roles in my AWS accounts (i.e. an IAM Role that has a trust policy to an AWS Service)?_
    - [aws] _Are all EBS volumes encrypted?_
    - [aws] _Is default server side encryption enabled for all S3 Buckets?_
    - [aws] _Who has been assigned full Administrator access?_
    - [aws] _Are there assume role trusts to external entities?_
    - [aws] _Are all the AWS Config rules complaint? (if AWS Config service is enabled)_
    - [aws] _Are there any noncompliant production resources in AWS per Config evaluation? (if AWS Config is enabled)_
    - [aws] _Are there EC2 instances exposed to the Internet?_
    - [aws] _Which EC2 instances may have external network connections?_

## Improvements and Bug Fixes

- Improved username display next to the user avatar.
- UI/UX improvements on Landing Zone search, with **Clear**, **Save**, and
  **Clear All** action buttons for query results.
- Improved accuracy of full-text search.
- Fixed missing column in some query/search results.
- Fixed account name tagging not enabled by default in certain integration
  configurations.
- Several stability and robustness improvements on backend services.
- New icons for several entity classes.
