# JupiterOne 2019.23 Release

2019-05-28

## New Features

- Added **table of contents sidebar** with scroll spy on Landing, so that it is
  easy to jump to specific query results on the page.

- Policies and procedures related to a **Compliance** requirement now has direct
  web links to them that open up in the **Policies** app.

    - Also, details of each compliance requirement now display in full screen view.

- **Github** integration now supports suspicious PR analysis. See details at:
  <https://support.jupiterone.io/hc/en-us/articles/360022721934-Detect-Suspicious-Code-Commits>

- **Threat Stack** integration initial release - captures TS `agents`. See
  details at
  <https://support.jupiterone.io/hc/en-us/articles/360023924853-Threat-Stack>

- **KnowBe4** integration initial release - captures `users`, `user groups`,
  `training campaigns`, `training modules` and associated relationships among
  those entities. See details at
  <https://support.jupiterone.io/hc/en-us/articles/360023741834-KnowBe4>

## Improvements and Bug Fixes

- UI improvements of the **Policies** app.

- Fixed an issue where integration logs were not displayed beyond 50 lines.

- Fixed an issue with sharing query links that has single quotes (`'`) in the
  query.

- Minor updates to the data model classes and properties. Introduced
  `Deployment`, `Module`, `Process`, `Requirement`, `Rule`, `Ruleset` and
  `Scanner` entities.

- Fixed UI issue where sorting arrow in **Asset Inventory** table showing the
  wrong direction.

- **Mapper** rules now allow transformation to be specified to normalize values
  when producing mappings

- Fixed a pagination issue with Google users and added additional user
  properties.

- Added bounty properties to HackerOne integration.

- Correctly process Jamf users, groups, admin users and computer device users.

- Major improvement to Okta integration to support accounts with thousands of
  users or more.