# JupiterOne 2019.16 Release

2019-02-21

## New Features

- New ingestion and analysis from **AWS**:

  - **RDS** clusters and instances

    Try `Find aws_rds_cluster that CONTAINS aws_db_instance return tree`

  - **DynamoDB** tables

    Try `Find aws_dynamodb_table that relates to * return tree`

  - **S3** bucket public access settings

    Try `Find aws_s3_bucket with BlockPublicAcls != true`

  - **AMI** images - note that only custom AMI images are currently ingested,
    not public or marketplace AMIs.

    Try `Find aws_ami that relates to * return tree`

- **SAML Single Sign On (SSO)** now generally available to enterprise customers

- **Endpoint Compliance Agent** powered by Stethoscope app released for macOS
  devices. Access it from the "Power Ups" menu, and send invite to your users by
  email. The agent checks the following endpoint configuration with the default
  policy:

  - OS version
  - Patching/update status
  - Host firewall status
  - Disk encryption status
  - Screensaver / screen lock protection
  - Remote login status

- **Veracode Integration** first iteration - supports ingestion of Vulnerability
  findings.

- **Google Integration** first iteration - supports ingestion of Users and User
  Groups.

- **Sharing URL** is added to query results from Landing Zone.

- New packaged questions and queries added:

  - [aws] _Find all the IAM user access keys in production AWS accounts._
  - [aws] _Find all the SSH key pairs in production AWS accounts._
  - [aws] _Are there SSH keys not in use?_
  - [aws] _Is there anything that connects to an external AWS account that is not part of my organization?_

  - [access] _Did we remove all access from employees who left?_
  - [access] _Which user accounts do not have multi-factor authentication enabled?_
  - [appdev] _Who are the most recent contributors to this repo?_
  - [appdev] _Which PRs did this developer open in the last 5 days?_
  - [data] _What is the inventory of my sensitive data stores?_
  - [endpoint] _Is operating system patching and auto update enabled on endpoint hosts?_
  - [endpoint] _Is application patching and auto update enabled on endpoint hosts?_
  - [endpoint] _What are the approved server/system images?_
  - [endpoint] _Are all system images updated in the past six months?_
  - [endpoint] _Which hosts are (or are not) using approved standard images?_
  - [infra] _What production resources are directly connected/exposed to the Internet/everyone?_
  - [general] _What applications and operating systems are in use?_
  - [general] _Who are my software vendors? Do I have proper vendor support for my software applications?_

## Improvements and Bug Fixes

- Added column sorting of query results from Landing Zone.
- Continued improvements of backend services.
- Several bug fixes of indexer, mapper, persister and integrations.
- Fixed action and display bugs associated with adding/editing an entity in
  Asset Inventory.
- Lots of improvements made to the managed SDK to support open source
  integration development.
- Updated timestamp properties for AWS integration to number instead of string
  so that queries can use them for date/time comparison.
- Renamed AWS entity `_type` definitions to be more consistent with the
  Terraform type naming convention.