# JupiterOne 2019.32 Release

2019-10-29

## New Features

- Introduced a new **Dashboard View** in **Asset Inventory** on initial load,
  with significant performance improvements.

- **Compliance** app:

  - Bulk evidence download now includes a `summary.csv` file that contains a
    full listing of all requirements/controls of the select framework and their
    status, links and notes.

  - When mapping an existing question to a compliance requirement, you will be
    presented with a list of **"Suggested Questions"** based on fuzzy keyword
    matching.

  - Lots of updates related to **SOC 2 Security** compliance and controls
    mapping. See _Community Projects_ section for more details.

- Added support for both **Stacked** and **Side-by-side** bar chart views for
  **Insights** dashboards.

- Added **Search** capability to graph viewer to more easily filter a graph
  loaded with large number of nodes.

## Integrations

- **Github**: Added ingestion of `Team` entities and associated relationships:

  - `github_account` **HAS** `github_team`
  - `github_team` **HAS** `github_user`
  - `github_team` **ALLOWS** `github_repo`
  - `github_user` **MANAGES** `github_account`
  - `github_user` **MANAGES** `github_team`

## Improvements and Bug Fixes

- Fixed an issue that caused some users to receive duplicate daily digest emails.

- Fixed an issue that caused duplicate alerts to show up in UI after clicking
  "Load All Alerts" from a direct alert link.

- Fixed issues where property values did not correctly update when an entity was
  edited from the assets UI.

- User notes in a compliance requirement now displays the author's email instead
  of opaque userId.

- Improved multiline text display for the description of a compliance requirement.

- Endpoint compliance powerup agent (stethoscope-app) installer now works
  properly for macOS Catalina (10.5).

- Fixed some UI issues associated with user permissions in Policies app.

- Improved error messages associated with user invites.

- Some tweaks and improvements to querying and full text search.

## Community Projects

_Community resources are provided AS IS. Code contributions and forks welcome._

- Added **SOC 2 Security** standard JSON, as well as controls mapping JSON using
  the security program control procedures included in the templates. If you
  choose to adopt those control procedures, they provide 100% mapping to SOC 2
  AICPA control principles. See:

  - <https://github.com/JupiterOne/security-policy-templates/blob/master/templates/standards/soc2-security.json>
  - <https://github.com/JupiterOne/security-policy-templates/blob/master/templates/standards/soc2-security-controls.json>
