# JupiterOne 2019.22 Release

2019-05-14

## New Features

- Added support for `UNIQUE` keyword in **J1QL** to return de-duplicated values,
  or value combinations, in the query return results.

- **Alerts** app updates:

  - Added **Sorting** for alerts and findings table; **Filtering** for findings.

  - Updated daily email format and included a count of resources added in past
    24 hours as part of the "daily digest".

  - Several other UI tweaks for the **Alerts** app.

  - Added **Evaluate Now** action button to run an alert rule on-demand.

  - _More exciting features and updates to come!_

- Added the ability to select/tweak your own vanity URL as part of account
  creation / onboarding.

- **HackerOne** integration initial release. See details at
  <https://support.jupiterone.io/hc/en-us/articles/360022902553-HackerOne>

## Improvements and Bug Fixes

- Added check to prevent the default *Administrators* group from being
  accidentally deleted.

- Made `description` field optional when creating/updating a question in the
  library.

- Fixed an issue in the mapper when an assessor's email (from an `Assessment`
  entity) is incorrectly mapped to a `Person`.

- Minor updates and fixes across Veracode, WhiteHat, Bitbucket and Github
  integrations.

## Additional Notes

Please note that we are migrating our documentation site to a consolidated
**docs + support + community** site at https://support.jupiterone.io

- Check out the articles in **Getting Started Steps**, **User Guides**, and
  **Developer Docs**:
  <https://support.jupiterone.io/hc/en-us>

- Submit and vote on **feature requests**:
  <https://support.jupiterone.io/hc/en-us/community/topics/360000688873-Feature-Requests>