# JupiterOne 2019.21 Release

2019-04-30

## New Features

- **Alerts** app updated and released with the following capabilities:

  - New UX that combines alerts and findings management into one app
  - Updated UI for creating/editing alert rules
  - Ability to import alert rule packs. See available rule packs at:
    <https://github.com/JupiterOne/jupiterone-alert-rules/>
  - Receive daily email notifications of active/new alerts

- Updated **JupiterOne Client and CLI** to support managing custom questions.
  
  - Custom questions will show up in the Question/Query Library.
  - They can be access via keywords search in the Landing app.
  - They will also be mapped to compliance requirements in the Compliance app,
    if the question is configured with a corresponding mapping.

- Ability to **enable API Key access** for one or more user groups to allow the
  users to generate API keys used for the external client or CLI.

- Simplified and improved **full text search**:

  - You no longer have to wrap keywords in quotes to perform a full text search

  - Partial keywords search is supported -- property value index is updated to
    tokenize on capital letters as well as common non-space non-alphanumeric
    characters

  - Cross-field matching in supported -- search will return results that match
    keywords across any property of a particular entity. For example:

    - searching `administrator policy` will match an entity with
      `_class: Policy` and `name: AdministratorAccess` in two different
      properties

    - searching `prod instance` will match entities with `_type: aws_instance`
      and `tag.AccountName: jupiterone-prod-us` properties

- **J1QL shorthand comparison for property filters**. For example, you can type

    ```j1ql
    Find DataStore with classification=('confidential' or 'restricted')
    ```

    instead of

    ```j1ql
    Find DataStore with classification='confidential' or classification='restricted'
    ```

- **Jamf** integration initial release. See details at
  <https://docs.jupiterone.io/en/latest/docs/integrations/jamf/jupiter-integration-jamf.html>

- **Tenable Cloud** integration initial release. See details at
  <https://docs.jupiterone.io/en/latest/docs/integrations/tenable-cloud/jupiter-integration-tenable-cloud.html>

- **OpenShift** integration initial release. See details at
  <https://docs.jupiterone.io/en/latest/docs/integrations/openshift/jupiter-integration-openshift.html>

- **AWS EC2 Auto Scaling** supported added to the AWS integration. Here are two
  example queries that will allow you to find instances that are / are not part
  of an auto-scaling group.

    ```j1ql
    Find aws_instance that has aws_autoscaling_group

    Find aws_instance that !has aws_autoscaling_group
    ```

## Improvements and Bug Fixes

- Improved notification email design

- Updated Bitbucket integration due to Bitbucket API v2.0 change which removes the
  reference to `username`

- Non-admin users can capture their _review and acceptance_ of security policies
  in the **Policy** app

- Added direct linking support to specific a policy/procedure document in the
  **Policy** app and fixed broken links referenced in the documents.

- Fixed a couple of bugs related to updating the entity properties as part of a
  relationship mapping in `jupiter-mapper`

- Properly handling relationship deletions in `jupiter-mapper`

- Updated error messages during onboarding to be more descriptive of the issue

- Several other UI/UX improvements and minor bug fixes

- Updated [API docs][1] and [SSO integration guide][2].

- Added [guide][3] to describe how to use JupiterOne together with AWS GuardDuty
  and Inspector for proactive threat monitoring in AWS.

[1]: ../docs/jupiterone-api.md
[2]: ../guides/configure-sso-integration.md
[3]: ../guides/j1-aws-threat-monitoring.md
