# JupiterOne 2019.34 Release

2019-11-26

Major query performance improvement in this release -- queries with
relationships (graph traversals) are now 2x-10x faster!

See more details in the _Improvements_ section below.

Also note that we have started enforcing [API rate limits](../docs/jupiterone-api.md).

## New Features

- Added ability to **download query results as CSV or JSON** from the Landing
  app

- Introduced new **tabbed results view** saved questions with multiple queries

- **Compliance** app:

  - Added ability to **mark a compliance requirement as 'N/A'**. This can be
    done in two ways:
  
    - In the web app: the dropdown menu next to the requirement number in the
    requirement details modal view.

    - In the JSON specification: by setting the attribute `"applicable": false`
      for a given requirement.

    - Updated the compliance summary bars to show in progress counts during the
      initial evidence calculation when a new compliance standard specification
      is first added
  
  - Tweaked evidence and summary download for compliance questionnaires.

  - Added deep linking directly to a compliance standard and a specific
    control/requirement.

- Added more managed/pre-packaged query questions.
  See [catalog](../docs/questions/catalog.md).

## Integrations

- **AWS**:

  - Fixed API issue with resources in `eu-west-3` (Paris) region.

    See _Multi-region Support_ section in
    [AWS integration doc](../docs/integrations/azure/graph-azure.md#multiregionsupport)
    for more details.

- **Azure**:

  - Added support for `azure_storage_container` resources (from Azure Blob
    storage service).

  See updated [Azure integration doc](../docs/integrations/azure/graph-azure.md)
  for details, including the relationships across the above resources.

## Improvements and Bug Fixes

- Performance improvement for queries with relationships (graph traversals). To
  take advantage of this performance improvement, use the exact relationship by
  its class (e.g. `HAS`, `ALLOWS`, `USES` etc.), rather than the generic
  `RELATES TO` relationship, when possible.

- Performance improvements to data persister and relationship mapper.

- Improvements and bug fixes to the Insights app.

- A few bug fixes to the query language/service.
