# JupiterOne 2019.33 Release

2019-11-12

## New Features

- Added **math support** in J1QL queries! Math operations can also be combined 
  with aggregation functions. For example:

  _What is my database backup cost per AWS account?_

  ```j1ql
  FIND (aws_db_cluster_snapshot|aws_db_snapshot) as snapshot
  RETURN
    snapshot.tag.AccountName as Account,
    sum(snapshot.allocatedStorage) * 0.02 as EstimatedCost
  ```

- From **Landing**, if a result result contains the full entity (i.e. the JSON
  data contains the `_id` property of an entity), the entity can be selected to
  show the property panel.

- **Compliance** app:

  - Compliance **summary legends** -- clicking on a summary bar will bring up a
    legend display with more details.

  - Added **Compliance Summary Download** option, which includes a CSV that
    contains the summary status of all requirements/controls of the selected
    standard in one file.

  - Supports **Questionnaire** as a specific compliance standard type (in the
    compliance standard JSON, add `"type": "questionnaire"`).

    This allows you to manage **security review questionnaires** from partners,
    customers, or prospects by providing and tracking the **"answers"** without
    providing full evidence.

  - Added support to **link to externally hosted policies and procedures** that
    are mapped to compliance requirements, using the `webLink` property. Use the
    `policy-builder` CLI to set the `webLink`.

- Re-designed UI/UX for the **Asset Inventory dashboard** with a card-type view
  on initial load.

- Added a number of managed/pre-packaged query questions. A catalog will be
  published soon.

## Integrations

- **AWS**: Added support for the following services and resources

  - **ECR** - container repositories (`aws_ecr_repository`), container images
    (`aws_ecr_image`), and image scan findings (`aws_ecr_image_scan_finding`)
  
  - **ECS** - ECS clusters (`aws_ecs_cluster`), services (`aws_ecs_service`),
    container instances (`aws_ecs_container_instance`), task definitions
    (`aws_ecs_task_definition`), and tasks (`aws_ecs_task`)

  - **Batch** - compute environments (`aws_batch_compute_environment`), job
    definitions (`aws_batch_job_definition`), job queues (`aws_batch_job_queue`),
    and jobs (`aws_batch_job`)

  See updated [AWS integration doc](../docs/integrations/aws/index.md) for
  details, including the relationships, usage patterns, and IAM permissions
  mapped across the above resources.

- **Azure**:

  - Added support for more networking resources: virtual networks
    (`azure_vnet`), subnets (`azure_subnet`), and security groups
    (`azure_security_group`).

  - Fixed an issue fetching members of an Azure AD group due to permission
    configuration.

  See updated [Azure integration doc](../docs/integrations/azure/graph-azure.md)
  for details, including the relationships across the above resources.

- **Jamf**:
  
  - Enabled raw data collection for Jamf resource entities.

  - Improved parsing of disk encryption status to be more accurate.

    _Note there is a bug in Jamf API where the JSON response is missing the boot partition for certain computer objects._

## Improvements and Bug Fixes

- Improved the Trend display of an alert to aggregate alert evaluation data
  points when the alerted results were identical.

- Fixed a few UI issues with Compliance app and Alerts/Vulnerability app.

- Fixed an issue where editing a compliance evidence question immediately after
  it is created in the compliance requirement view fails.

- Fixed an issue where certain integration configuration instance not showing up
  despite correct count of instances.

- Fixed an issue where the query name of named queries in a question did not
  show up when the question is being edited in the Compliance app.

- Fixed a rare UI rendering with graph viewer when nodes are selected in a
  certain order.

- Fixed an issue where the first trailing space was unexpectedly trimmed when
  typing in a query in Landing.

## Experimental/Beta Features

- Allow users to trigger "auto mapping" of policies/procedures and evidence
  questions for a selected compliance standard.
  
  _The "auto mapping" is based on fuzzy matching of compliance requirement keywords._
