# JupiterOne 2020.38 Release

2020-01-27

## New Features

- Added **CIS AWS Benchmark** support. Simply copy/paste the following JSON to
  the "Add standard" modal screen in the Compliance app:

  <https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JupiterOne/security-policy-templates/master/templates/standards/cis-aws-foundations.json>

  There are currently 24 AWS query questions already mapped to the CIS AWS
  Foundations / Benchmark framework.

- Added **click to filter** support to the **compliance summary legends**.
  This allows you to filter the controls / requirements matching a selected
  status -- e.g. "Has implementation evidence", "Potential remediation needed",
  etc.

- Added support to **delete notes** from a compliance requirement.

- [beta] **J1QL auto-complete** now works with relationships verbs.

- Added **Open in Graph** action from a selected entity in the Landing page
  query results.
  
  This option was previously only available from a selected entity in the Asset
  Inventory view.

- Added two "billable entities count" default charts to the Insights home
  dashboard.

## Integrations

- [aws] Added the following support to **AWS integration**:

  - **Route53** domain contact details.

  - **User access attributes and timestamps** on account root user, IAM access
    key and role, including:

    > `lastUsedOn`, `lastUsedRegion`, `lastUsedServiceName`,
    > `passwordEnabled`, `passwordLastUsed`, `passwordLastChanged`, `passwordNextRotation`,
    > `accessKeyEnabled`, `accessKeyLastUsed`

  - Added `aws_cloudfront_distribution TRIGGERS aws_lambda_function` relationship
    mapping.
  
  - Added support for AWS **Organizations**.

  - Added lots of AWS specific query questions. See
    <https://support.jupiterone.io/hc/en-us/articles/360038496974#integrationquestions>

- [google] Updated docs / setup instructions to reflect required changes to the
  permission settings due to recent changes from the provider.

- Many other backend improvements and minor fixes across several integrations.

## Improvements and Bug Fixes

- Fixed an issue where a browser refresh may be needed when switching between
  Insights dashboards.

- Improved backend to handle bulk data deletion.

- Fixed an issue with saving/loading the default layout for Insights dashboards.
