# JupiterOne 2020.55 Release

2020-10-06

## New Features

- 

- Added support for custom Jira Issue Collector in Compliance app such that you can create a Jira
  issue on-demand directly from a requirement view. 

  > We plan to improve this on-demand Jira issue creation workflow in the future to support features
  > like auto populating certain fields.

## Integrations

### AWS

* Added support to ingest **Amazon Macie** findings.

* Improved trust relationships mapping for IAM SAML federation to Google G Suite accounts.

* Added `netmask` property to `aws_vpc` and `aws_subnet` entities so that users can easily find subnets, 
  or security group rules pointing to subnets with large netmasks in a query -- e.g. `netmask > 16`.

* Improved relationship mapping between Route53 `CNAME` records to EC2 instance entities.

* Fixed missing relationships between `aws_security_group` and `aws_elasticsearch_domain` entities.
  This allows a query to determine if any ElasticSearch domain is publicly facing:

  ```j1ql
  find Internet 
    that allows aws_security_group 
    that protects aws_elasticsearch_domain 
    that has aws_subnet with public=true
    return TREE
  ```

* Changed the Lambda <> VPC relationships so that the `HAS` relationship is built between 
  `aws_lambda_function` and `aws_subnet` entities. This was previously at the `aws_vpc` level 
  which was less acurate. 

### BambooHR

* Initial release 
* See [docs](../docs/integrations/bamboohr/index.md) for more details

### GoDaddy

* Initial release 
* See [docs](../docs/integrations/godaddy/index.md) for more details

## Improvements and Bug Fixes

- 
