# JupiterOne 2020.46 Release

2020-05-19

## New Features

- Support **bulk add entities or relationships** by uploading a **JSON or YAML**
  file from the Asset Inventory app. Read [instructions here][1].

  > Bulk upload is also supported via [API][2].

- New features in the **Graph View**:

  - **Highlights a selected entity node and its connections** (related entities)
    while unrelated ones are faded out to improve focus and visual contrast.

  - **Entity property drawer for grouped entities** will show a listing of items
    in the group.

- Added support to **delete** a policy or procedure in the **Policies** app.
  Also added support to **re-arrange** the order of policies and procedures in
  the UI.

- New improved **timeline view for alerts**. Also, sorting by `severity` in the
  **Alerts** view now sorts based on its numeric value instead of string value.

- Added support to **track vulnerability finding exceptions**. Admin users can
  mark a vulnerability finding as an "exception", and provide an exception
  reason.

- Added support for **"one-to-many" mapping of uploaded compliance evidence** --
  users can select a previously uploaded evidence file to map to a compliance
  requirement instead of uploading it again.

## Integrations

### Initial release of 4 new integrations (beta)

- [**Bugcrowd**](../docs/integrations/bugcrowd/index.md)
- [**Detectify**](../docs/integrations/detectify/index.md)
- [**NowSecure**](../docs/integrations/nowsecure/index.md)
- [**Snipe-IT**](../docs/integrations/snipe-it/index.md)

### Updates to AWS, Azure, and other existing integrations

- **[AWS]**: Analyze S3 bucket policy to determine `secureTransport` status; and
  added support to obtain `bucketSizeBytes` and `numberOfObjects` for S3 buckets
  via CloudWatch metrics.
  
  > The latter requires `cloudwatch:GetMetricData` permission to be added to
  `JupiterOneSecurityAudit` IAM policy.

- **[Carbon Black]**: Normalize the format of `macAddress` to all lower case and
  separated with `:` every two characters.

  > This allows for more consistent mapping of host agents/sensors to devices
  > based on the MAC address.

- **[Cisco AMP]**: Map relationships from endpoint agents to endpoint devices
  based on hostname or MAC address.

- **[Cisco Meraki]**: Map discovered network clients (endpoints) to Host/Device
  entities.

- **[Jamf]**:
  
  - Normalize Serial Number (`serial`), MAC address (`macAddress`) properties.
  - Normalize timestamp properties: `createdOn`, `enrolledOn`, `lastSeenOn`,
  `lastReportedOn`.
  - Capture OS details: `platform`, `osName`, `osVersion`, `osBuild`.

## Improvements and Bug Fixes

- Lots of behind-the-scenes improvements to the integration pipeline.

- Various UI updates including new icons for entities.

- Improved node grouping consistency in the graph viewer.

- Improved error handling in policies app.

- Fixed a bug where the `config.json` file in downloaded policies zip package
  contains default `provider` for a procedure, if the procedure's `provider`
  value was deleted via the UI.

- Improved the UI for adding and updating a policy/procedure document.

- Fixed an issue with the font size of entity property tabs being too large on
  certain browsers and screen resolutions.

- Fixed a bug where certain array items were displayed as a single concatenated
  string instead of comma separated values in the Asset Inventory table.

## Community Projects

- Added **GitHub repo web links** to integration configuration page for those
  that are developed as open source projects.

- Added support for **non-interactive publish to Confluence wiki** in
  `security-policy-builder`.

[1]: ../guides/bulk-upload.md
[2]: ../docs/jupiterone-api.md#entityandrelationshipsynchronization
