# JupiterOne 2020.51 Release

2020-08-12

## New Features

- Added a **company overview** field to first section of policies and procedures
  configuration view. The overview content is also used in Compliance app for
  generating an assessment report.

- Added **bulk API for creating/updating** entities and relationships.

## Integrations

- Inital release of **Google Cloud** integration (beta)! 🎉

  Check out the [docs][1] for details on what's currently supported.

- JupiterOne **Slack app** is finally approved by Slack and the [integration][2]
  is live! 🎉

- Added the following to [**Azure**][3] integration:

  * Azure Role Definition Entities & Relationships
  * Azure Service Principals
  * Azure Classic Administrators

- **AWS CloudTrail** integration nows creates mapped relationships between the
  resource and the entity principal that created/updated it (e.g. an IAM User or
  Role, an AWS Account or Service).

- Various integration SDK improvements.

## Improvements and Bug Fixes

- Implemented a tracking system to improve system error logging and reporting.

- Added policy/procedure IDs to the downloaded PDF for better searching and
  cross reference. 

- Several other UI/UX improvements and bug fixes to Policies and Compliance app.

- Updated line chart usability and styling. More improvements to Insights charts
  coming soon (we are switching to a new charting library behind the scenes).

- Add confirmation when removing users from groups to prevent accidental removal.

- Added auto ellipsis on long text items in query results table.

- Fixed an issue where some metadata properties are not showing up in the
  correct Metadata tab in entity properties panel.

[1]: ../docs/integrations/google-cloud/index.md
[2]: ../docs/integrations/slack/index.md
[3]: ../docs/integrations/azure/index.md
