# JupiterOne 2020.44 Release

2020-04-30

Had a sprint focused on new integration SDK and new integrations. In the past
two weeks, our dev team made **160+ commits** to the **new integration sdk** and
**data model**, plus **250+ commits** across **14 integrations**!

See [Integrations section](#integrations) below for more details.

## New Features

- Improved **pie chart layout** in **Insights dashboards**. Also made long list
  in legend scrollable.

- New public facing **JupiterOne Questions** site.

- Added toggle button to **expand/collapse all sections** in a
  selected **compliance standard or questionnaire**.

- Improved version history diff of security policies and procedures document
  text.

## Integrations

### SDK and Data Model

- New and greatly improved **Integration SDK v2** to make developing new
  integrations much simpler:

  <https://github.com/JupiterOne/integration-sdk>
  
- Released JupiterOne **Data Model** schemas to GitHub:

  <https://github.com/JupiterOne/data-model>

### Initial release of 9 new integrations

- [**Cisco Meraki**](../docs/integrations/meraki/index.md)
- [**DigiCert**](../docs/integrations/digicert/index.md)
- [**Duo**](../docs/integrations/duo/index.md)
- [**Heroku**](../docs/integrations/heroku/index.md)
- [**PagerDuty**](../docs/integrations/pagerduty/index.md)
- [**Qualys**](../docs/integrations/qualys/index.md)
- [**Slack**](../docs/integrations/slack/index.md)
- [**Snowflake**](../docs/integrations/snowflake/index.md)
- [**Trend Micro**](../docs/integrations/trend-micro/index.md)

### Updates to AWS, Azure, and other existing integrations

- **[AWS]**:

  - Added ingestion of `aws_nat_gateway` and `aws_vpn_gateway` in a VPC
  - Analyze EBS snapshots to determine `shared` and `public` status

    > Try these two new questions:
    >
    > - **Are there EBS snapshots shared with other accounts?**
    > - **Are there EBS snapshots shared publicly?**

  - Updated relationship mappings between `aws_route53_record` entities to
    `IpAddress`, `NetworkInterface`, `Gateway` (e.g. ALB/ELB), `SES Service`,
    `ACM Service`, and other `aws_route53_record` (alias records) entities.

  - Added mapping of several saved AWS queries/questions to **PCI DSS** standard
    requirements

  - Tweaked queries in question "Which IAM policies in addition to
    "AdministratorAccess" allow full admin access to any and all resources?" to
    include separate queries/sections for `admin-role-inline-policies` and
    `exceptions`.
  
  - Fixed IAM policy parsing to set `update` flag for `Change*` IAM permissions.

  - Set `baseUrl` property on `aws_s3_bucket` entities to:
    `https://${bucket.bucketName}.s3.amazonaws.com`

- **[Azure]**:

  - Added ingestion of **Cosmos DB** resources: `azure_cosmosdb_account`,
    `azure_cosmosdb_sql_database`.

  - Added ingestion of more **Storage** resources: `azure_storage_file_service`,
    `azure_storage_share`.

  - Added Key Vault resources: `azure_keyvault_service`.

  - Set `encrypted` and `enableHttpsTrafficOnly` flags and `kind` property on
    `azure_storage_*_service`, as appropriate based on improved configuration
    analysis.

  - Set `azure_managed_disk.encrypted` based on presence of `encryption.type`.

  - Several bug fixes.

- Improvements and bug fixes in **GitHub**, **Bitbucket**, and **Carbon Black**
  integrations.

## Community Projects

- Released beta version of **JupiterOne Terraform Provider**:

  <https://github.com/JupiterOne/terraform-provider-jupiterone>

  > This allows users to write terraform code to describe and provision
  jupiterone questions (saved queries) and alert rules, similar to how you use
  terraform code to provision AWS resources. We plan to add resources to
  describe compliance standards, groups, SAML clients, and more in the future.

- Added support to **publish policies to Confluence** in
  `security-policy-builder` via the command `psp publish --confluence` to
  `security-policy-builder`; plus several minor bug fixes.

- Improved policy and procedure templates to better handle HIPAA related
  statements conditionally.

## Improvements and Bug Fixes

- Fixed issue with setting chart number color when condition equals to `0`.

- Fixed a couple of UI issues with the onboarding wizard.
