# JupiterOne 2021.75 Release

2021-07-14

## New Features and Improvements

- Added a **Markdown widget** to the **Insights** app that allows static HTML content 
  to be added to any Insights board.

- Updated the **Owners & Maintainers** tab in the **Vulnerabilities** view to show the 
  query if no results were returned.

- Improved UI/UX of the **Policies** app with a more intuitive layout of the 
  domains/policies and the controls/procedures for each domain.

- Customers who have purchased the "Powerup Pack" or are at the Enterprise tier can 
  now upload a **custom logo** for their J1 instance. The custom logo will be
  displayed in the main app UI and used in the policies PDF export.


## New Integrations

### Kubernetes Beta

We have beeen working on an [integration for Kubernetes](https://github.com/JupiterOne/graph-kubernetes/blob/master/docs/jupiterone.md) clusters. [Please reach out](https://forms.gle/HoPsNdtMPwdzVA367) if you're interested in using the integration and help us make it valuable for your operations!

### Salesforce Beta

We've been working on an [integration for Salesforce](https://github.com/JupiterOne/graph-salesforce/blob/master/docs/jupiterone.md). The integration currently ingests groups, users, user roles, and permission sets to support user access review and monitoring in JupiterOne. [Please reach out](https://forms.gle/HoPsNdtMPwdzVA367) if you're interested in using the integration. We'd love to hear your thoughts on what to add to make the integration valuable for you.

### Terraform Provider

We're excited to announce the release of our JupiterOne Terraform provider! You can find it in the [Terraform Registry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/JupiterOne/jupiterone/latest). The provider currently supports managing Questions and Alert Rules. [Let us know](https://forms.gle/HoPsNdtMPwdzVA367) what you'd like to see next!

## Integration Updates

### Artifactory
- Users can now configure optional ingestion of pipeline resources

### AWS
- Fixed AWS API throttling in IAM processing step
- Reduced number of AWS API calls made during IAM policy processing
- Reduced number of AWS API calls made during EC2, Inspector, and ECR processing
- Improved processing of security groups and build relationships to protected resources (`aws_security_group PROTECTS resources`)

### Bitbucket
- Fixed duplicate key in fetch-users step

### Jamf
- Fixed `user_endpoint.encrypted` not reflecting state of boot partition

### Microsoft 365
- Fixed duplicate relationships between managed apps and detected apps
- Fixed timeout of devices step (removed oversized raw data uploads)

### Qualys
- Improved handling `400 Bad Request` when verifying authentication


## Bug Fixes
 
- Misc. bug fixes and updates to the new tabs in the Compliance app
