
# JupiterOne 2021.84 Release

November 18, 2021

## New Features and Improvements

- Launched "Cisco Secure Cloud Insights with JupiterOne". This joint product helps Cisco customers achieve 
  a higher level of maturity with their digital transformation and security 
  program. Read more about Secure Cloud Insights with JupiterOne 
  [in our blog post](https://try.jupiterone.com/blog/cisco-jupiterone-partnership-beyond-traditional-cloud-securityttps://try.jupiterone.com/blog/cisco-jupiterone-partnership-beyond-traditional-cloud-security).
  
- Added a GDPR standard/framework example to Compliance that you
  can reference to better understand how to configure your own compliance 
  framework/standard aligned with this EU privacy regulation.
  
- Added "GCP compute" dashboard in Insights which reveals important information about 
  GCP Compute and Project configurations.

- Added "GCP IAM" dashboard in Insights which provides visibility into your GCP IAM Users, Roles, 
  Service Accounts, and privileged access information.

- Added "Azure DataStore Security" dashboard in Insights which provides you the ability to see 
  Azure container resources, encryption settings, and logging options set on containers.

- Added "Azure Resources" dashboard in Insights which provides visibility into Azure resources 
  covering encryption settings, guest access, and resource access to key vaults. 

- Added enhancements to existing templated dashboards "AWS accounts", "AWS IAM", and 
 "Network Security" (formally named 'Firewall)

- Improved query responsiveness for shorter queries, resulting in a reduced
  time to view your results. 
  
- Renamed Landing app "Search" to better align with how you use the feature to search for and 
  answer questions about your assets.

- Added the ability to copy values from the asset information side panel to the clipboard.

## Integrations

### Jamf

- Added support for `extension_attributes` on the  `user_endpoint` 
  asset (computer). An extension attribute appears as the property 
  `extensionAttribute.<id#>`, with a value equal to the array of 
  values of the JAMF extension attribute.

### JumpCloud

- Added support for ingesting the following new entity:

| Resources   | Entity `_type`          | Entity `_class` |
| ----------- | ----------------------- | --------------- |
| Application | `jumpcloud_application` | `Application`   |

- Added support for ingesting the following new relationships:

| Source Entity `_type` | Relationship `_class` | Target Entity `_type`  |
| --------------------- | --------------------- | ------------- |
| `jumpcloud_account`   | HAS               | `jumpcloud_application` |
| `jumpcloud_user`      | ASSIGNED          | `jumpcloud_application` |
| `jumpcloud_group`     | ASSIGNED          | `jumpcloud_application` |

## Fixes and Resolutions

- Deprecated MySecurity. We will remove this beta feature in December 2021. 
  In 2022, we expect to launch an improved version to guide
  you on which actions you own and need to take to improve your security posture.
  
- Fixed an issue where Problems would not appear on an asset in the graph viewer unless 
  the query had `return Tree` in it.
