
# JupiterOne 2021.86 Release

December 15, 2021

## New Features and Improvements

- Account administrators can now create account-scope API tokens which ties the token to organization account rather than an individual user account.
  
- Account administrations can now parameterize sensitive values such as secrets for use in J1QL queries and questions without exposing them.

- Vendor data in the public [vendor-stack](https://github.com/JupiterOne/vendor-stack) repo on GitHub is automatically used to enrich the properties of the vendor entity when a new integration is enabled in your account. Updates to the [vendor-stack](https://github.com/JupiterOne/vendor-stack) repo are welcome.  This was also published as a [npm package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@jupiterone/vendor-stack)

## Integrations

### AWS

J1 has updated AWS S3 bucket access data to better align with AWS S3 bucket access presented in the AWS console. You may see a change to some access settings data next time you use the J1 AWS integration. 

JupiterOne presents:
 
  AWS `Access Public` aligns with J1 `public: true`

  AWS `Access Objects can be public` aligns with J1 `public: undefined`

  AWS `Access Bucket and objects not public` aligns with J1 `public: false`

This update significantly improves the understanding of your bucket access settings in comparison to the previous reliance on [get-bucket-policy-status](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/s3api/get-bucket-policy-status.html). 

If you notice inconsistencies in your data, let J1 know so that we can further tune and improve our logic.

### GitHub

Issues can now discover outside collaborators for CREATED and ASSIGNED relationships

### Google Cloud

- Properties added to entities:

| Entity                  | Property          |
| ----------------------- | ------------------- |
| `google_storage_bucket` | `versioningEnabled` |

- Properties added to relationships:

| Relationship                                            | Property    |
| ------------------------------------------------------- | ------------- |
| `google_iam_binding_assigned_cloud_authenticated_users` | `projectName` |
| `google_iam_binding_assigned_domain`                    | `projectName` |
| `google_iam_binding_assigned_everyone`                  | `projectName` |
| `google_iam_binding_assigned_group`                     | `projectName` |
| `google_iam_binding_assigned_iam_role`                  | `projectName` |
| `google_iam_binding_assigned_iam_service_account`       | `projectName` |
| `google_iam_binding_assigned_user`                      | `projectName` |

- Properties removed from entities:

| Entity                            | Property             |
| --------------------------------- | ---------------------- |
| `google_cloud_folder`             | `projectId`            |
| `google_cloud_organization`       | `projectId`, `folders` |
| folder level `google_iam_binding` | `projectId`            |
| org level `google_iam_binding`    | `projectId`, `folders` |

- `rawData` will now be stored for `google_iam_binding`

- When determining which project's `google_iam_binding`s to ingest, if a `projectId` is not specified in the config, the service account's `projectId` should be used instead.

- When making `google_iam_binding_allows_resource` relationships, we no longer check the if a service is enabled when determining if the relationship should be mapped or direct. This is because for non-organization integration instances, the Resource Manager API does not need to be enabled to ingest a `google_cloud_project`.

### Google Workspace

- Added support for ingesting the following new resources:

| Resource        | Entity `_type`         | Entity `_class` |
| --------------- | ---------------------- | ----------------|
| Mobile Device   | `google_mobile_device` | Device          |

- To import mobile device entities you need to adjust your permissions in your Google Workspace account:
  1. Click **Security > API controls**
  2. In the **Domain wide delegation** pane, select **Manage Domain Wide Delegation**.
  3. Click **Edit** near the JupiterOne Service Account and add a new entry under **API scopes** for `https://www.googleapis.com/auth/admin.directory.device.mobile.readonly`
  4. Click **Account > Admin roles**.
  5. Click the JupiterOne System role, and click Privileges
  6. Under **Services, Mobile Device Management**, enable **Manage Devices and Settings**

- Add the following new relationship:

- Added support for ingesting the following new relationships:

| Source Entity '_type'  | Relationship `_class` | Target Entity `_type`  |
| ---------------------- | --------------------- | ---------------------- |
| `google_account`       | MANAGES               | `google_mobile_device` |

### Jamf

Fixed an issue that was causing duplicated relationships for `jamf_computer_group` HAS `user_endpoint`

### OneLogin

Fixed an issue related to ingesting App entities.

### Qualys

Added an option to include the first 300 bytes of detection results as `Finding.details` when the detection represents a vulnerability in the set of `vmdrFindingResultQids` provided in the configuration.  If enabled, this adds to processing time due to the additional bytes transferred.

## Fixes and Resolutions

- MySecurity has been removed from JupiterOne. In 2022, we expect to launch an improved version to guide you on 
  which actions you own and need to take to improve your security posture.
