# JupiterOne 2021.70 Release

2021-05-05

## New Features and Improvements

- Added compliance controls library, users can now customize their SOC 2 framework by importing/creating their own controls through the UI

- Users are now able to edit any property on an entity via the entity drawer, even if it was imported from an integration

- Users can now report issues/suggestions through the J1 app by clicking the help icon and then selecting “Report an Issue”

## Integrations

### AWS

- Added config fields `useRoleChaining`, `intermediateRoleArn`, and
  `intermediateExternalId` to support Role Chaining. This allows customers to
  maintain a single role for JupiterOne that is then used to assume different
  roles across many accounts. See the integration configuration UI for more
  details.

- Allow customers to provide `externalId` when creating integration instances
  through the API. The value will be limited to use within a single JupiterOne
  account.

- Parse IAM username from policy conditions.

- Add support for custom target filter keys in policy principal entity mapping
  to more accurately map permissions to existing entities if they exist.

- Account for policy statements with Condition but no Principal when building
  resource permission relationships.
  
- Set normalized retentionPeriod property on DataStore entities to simplify
  querying.

- Began adding `accountId` property to all entities. New integration instances
  benefit immediately, existing integrations will see the property added to
  types in the coming weeks.

- Parse SNS Topic Policy and build permission relationships.

- Stopped calling `listTagsForResource` on RDS resources - tags are already
  returned with the resource.

- Fixed missing IAM managed policy relationships to user, groups, and roles.
- Fixed bug in Route53 step that prevented ingestion of large zones.

- Various improvements to Route53 ingestion to improve performance for large
  zones.

- Use `ResourceGroupsTaggingAPI` service to fetch tags for Route53 hosted zones,
  instead of calling `getTagsForResouce` for every resource, to reduce number of
  API calls.

### Azure

- Fixed `404` error handling ingesting policy sets and policies.

- Fixed `DuplicateKeyError` creating relationships between policy sets and
  policy definitions.

- Improved processing of policy definition IDs that are sourced from management
  groups.

- Fixed errors ingesting tables/queues/fileShares of `Premium` tier
  storageV1/storageV2 accounts (only `Standard` tier storage accounts support
  tables/queues/fileShares).

### Cobalt

- `Finding.open` is set to `false` when status is `wont_fix`

### Google Cloud

- New properties added to resources:
  - `google_compute_instance`
    - `hostname`

- Publish integration job log event when fetching alert monitoring policies
  fails due to `project/{PROJECT_ID} is not a workspace`

- Publish integration job log event when when some buckets are configured with
  "requestor pays". These buckets' policies cannot be read, so the `isPublic`
  property cannot be determined.

- Report an error when storage bucket policy could not be fetched

- Fixed `memoryUsage` and `diskUsageBytes` App Engine properties having `NaN`
  values

### Jamf

- Fixed error creating duplicate relationships between `jamf_computer` and
  `jamf_osx_configuration_profile`.

### OneLogin

- Fixed broken pagination that limited ingestion of large collections
  (`/groups`, `/roles`, and `/apps`).

### PagerDuty

- Improved messaging for errors from `validateInvocation`.
- Fixed broken pagination that limited ingestion of large collections.

### Qualys

- Only host detections with severities `3,4,5` are ingested by default. It is
  recommended to avoid ingesting lower severity detections until you're ready to
  process them in a meaningful way. See the configuration UI to make a change.

## Bug Fixes
 
- Resolved some alignment issues with the compliance app
- Resolved an issue where the client was generating the vanity URL for new accounts and would sometimes run into naming conflicts with existing accounts
- Version suffixes are no longer shown on the name for compliance frameworks
- Resolved an issue where rule packs would fail to import when importing on new accounts
- Resolved an issue where certain users were only seeing partial mapping of evidence on SOC 2 frameworks
