# JupiterOne 2021.79 Release

September 9, 2021

## New Features and Improvements

- Introduced a new quick filter for accessing critical assets in the Assets app. Critical assets 
  is a class of assets for which you can create queries and alerts to quickly access the most crucial data.
  Learn more about how to customize and use critical assets [here] (/guides/asset-inventory-filters.md).
  
- Updated the query language to follow De Morgan's Law.

  To maintain language correctness, J1QL fulfills shorthand filters in accordance 
  with De Morgan's Law. This improvement only impacts queries that use the 
  operators `!=`, `!~=`, `!^=`, `!$=` when operating on a group of values.

  For example, 

  ```j1ql
  FIND jira_user WITH accountType != ('atlassian' OR 'app' OR 'customer')
  ```

  is the equivalent of:

  ```j1ql
  FIND jira_user WITH 
    accountType != 'atlassian' AND 
    accountType !=  'app' AND 
    accountType !=  'customer'
  ```

  Basically, J1QL interprets the above query to return all `jira_user` entities, 
  excluding those that have an `accountType` value of `atlassian` or `app` or `customer`. 

  !!! warning
      **This is a breaking change!** We have taken precautions to ensure saved questions 
      and queries are not inadvertently affected.  

      We have run maintenance jobs to update all saved queries in questions, 
      alerts, and Insights dashboard widgets.
      You do NOT have to make any changes manually in JupiterOne.
      
      However, if you have stored queries outside of your JupiterOne account 
      (such as in a custom script), please update those queries accordingly.   

  

- Updated the JupiterOne query language to enable relationship direction with the use 
  of double arrows,`<<` and `>>`.

- Added search functionality to the Groups page in the Users & Access menu.

- Improved the text wrapping in the query search window.

- Query Anywhere now auto-focuses when opened so you can immediately start typing.

- Improved messaging when bulk synchronization fails.

## Bug Fixes

- Resolved an issue where the Policy app would not load under certain conditions.

- Resolved an error where users could not accept an invite if they were logged into 
  another account with SSO.

- Resolved an auto-complete issue in Query Anywhere.

- Resolved the double scroll bars issue on the landing page.


## Integrations

### AWS

- Ingested EC2 settings: `ebsDefaultKmsKeyId` and `ebsEncryptionByDefault`.

- Created mapped relationships between the `aws_ec2` service entity and the default
  `aws_kms_key` entity.

  !!! note 
   This change requires the additional `ec2:GetEbsDefaultKmsKeyId` and
  `ec2:GetEbsEncryptionByDefault` permissions in the
  `JupiterOneSecurityAudit` IAM policy of each AWS account being monitored.

- Added `ebsOptimizedByDefault` and `ebsOptimizationSupported` Boolean flags on
  EC2 instance assets. See [AWS docs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/ebs-optimized.html).
  
- Ingested AutoScaling policies and built `aws_autoscaling_group` `USES`
  `aws_autoscaling_policy` relationships.

- Mapped relationships from `aws_sns_topic` and `aws_sns_subscription` to the
  endpoint asset on each subscription (such as an HTTP endpoint, a person by
  email, or a Lambda function).

- Ingested roots and OUs in an AWS organization and mapped sub-accounts to each
  root/OU.

- Added ELB attributes to properties. The attributes are mapped to properties as
  follows:

  | ELB Entity Property     | ELB Attribute                                              |
  | ----------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- |
  | `deletionProtection`    | `deletion_protection.enabled`                              |
  | `loggingEnabled`        | `access_logs.s3.enabled`                                   |
  | `loggingTargetBucket`   | `access_logs.s3.bucket`                                    |
  | `loggingTargetPrefix`   | `access_logs.s3.prefix`                                    |
  | `idleTimeoutSeconds`    | `idle_timeout.timeout_seconds`                             |
  | `desyncMitigationMode`  | `routing.http.desync_mitigation_mode`                      |
  | `dropInvalidHeaders`    | `routing.http.drop_invalid_header_fields.enabled`          |
  | `http2`                 | `routing.http2.enabled`                                    |
  | `tlsVersionEnabled`     | `routing.http.x_amzn_tls_version_and_cipher_suite.enabled` |
  | `tlsCipherSuiteEnabled` | `routing.http.x_amzn_tls_version_and_cipher_suite.enabled` |
  | `xffClientPortEnabled`  | `routing.http.xff_client_port.enabled`                     |
  | `wafFailOpen`           | `waf.fail_open.enabled`                                    |
  | `crossZone`             | `load_balancing.cross_zone.enabled`                        |

- Fixed a false positive where some buckets were incorrectly identified as 
  public (with permission relationships to `everyone`) when the policy condition 
  contains specific OrgIds or AccountIds.

- Added the `aws_organization` asset.

- Added support for parsing `aws:PrincipalOrgID` IAM policy conditions and mapped
  relationships to the corresponding `aws_organization` asset.

- Improved IAM resource policy condition parsing to map permissions to services
  instead of the account when certain services are specified in the action.

### Azure

- Fixed the authorization token expiration to support steps that execute for more than one hour.

### Google Cloud

- Improved accuracy of the CIS 4.3 managed question, "Is blocking of project-wide SSK keys enabled for my Google Cloud VM instances?"

- Relationships from `google_cloud_organization`s and `google_cloud_folder`s to
  `google_cloud_project`s are now created for deleted projects.

- Modified the `google_bigquery_dataset` step to be independent from
  `google_kms_crypto_key` step to ensure BigQuery data is ingested even 
  when KMS Keys ingestion is disabled or fails.
  
- Added the following new properties to these resources:

  | Asset                   | Properties              |
  | ----------------------- | ----------------------- |
  | `google_storage_bucket` | `isSubjectToObjectAcls` |
  | `google_iam_binding`    | `readonly`              |

- Updated `google_storage_bucket.public` to be `true` when the storage
  bucket does not have Uniform Bucket Access Level enabled. We cannot determine
  if the bucket is public or not when this setting is disabled.

### OneLogin

- Application Rules are now `Configuration` assets in the graph.

- Onelogin `User`s are related to the AWS IAM roles they have access to based on the presence of IAM role ARNs in the application rules. 
  This change requires that the IAM Role asset already exists in the J1 graph (the AWS integration is installed).

- Added raw data to assets.
