# JupiterOne 2021.78 Release

August 24, 2021

## New Features and Improvements

- New Parameter feature supports the ability to define parameterized values or secrets via API. These parameters can then be referenced in queries 
  and questions within J1QL. Secrets can also be referenced in alert rules (e.g. for Webhook authentication). 
  
  Learn more [here] (https://github.com/JupiterOne/docs/blob/main/docs/parameters.md#jupiterone-parameter-service). 

- Improved the query policy editor for user group permissions to clarify that data from ANY permission filter returns results for users within the group.

- Improved the login experience so that a user navigates directly to a deep link even after authentication.

## Bug Fixes

- Resolved erroneous `accessRule` permission errors when querying under certain circumstances.

- Resolved unexpected results when paginating query results in a compliance requirement.

- Updated the Policies & Procedures app to no longer display the *No procedure found* image while loading.

- Updated the Account Usage graph to remove the Relationship Count label from the legend as this data is unsupported.

- Resolved deleting a policy or procedure that has an invalid template.

- Resolved pagination for questions with multiple queries.

## Integrations

### AWS

- Fixed error processing for GuardDuty findings.

### GitHub

- Added support for ingesting the following **new** entities:

| Entity                      |
| --------------------------- |
| github_app\*                |
| github_user (role: OUTSIDE) |

\* This usage requires that an GitHub organization admin allows the `organization_administration: read` scope for the JupiterOne GitHub app. Github notifies admins by email.



- Added support for ingesting the following **new** relationships:

| Source         | Class     | Target                      |
| -------------- | --------- | --------------------------- |
| github_account | INSTALLED | github_app                  |
| github_repo    | ALLOWS    | github_user (role: OUTSIDE) |

### Google Cloud

- Added managed question: 
  "Which Google Cloud API services are disabled for my project?"

- Changed `google_iam_bindings.permissions: string[]` to
  `google_iam_bindings.permissions: string` due to limitations on
  `string[]`property lengths in JupiterOne. Queries need to change from `permissionmks={{string}}` to `permissions~={{string}}` to maintain expected query results.

- Managed `google_iam_roles` now have a `permissions` property, similar to
  custom `google_iam_roles`.

- Allowed BigQuery data to be ingested independently of KMS key data.

### Jira

- Loosened hostname validation to allow `example.atlassian.net/jira`.

- Fixed the error that occurs when a issue creator or reporter user is no longer in the Jira instance.

- Migrated to the latest SDK. Let us know if you observe any problems by emailing <support@jupiterone.com>.

### KnowBe4

- Fixed handling of repeated entries for training modules.

- Fixed handling of invalid users or modules listed in enrollments.

- Fixed logging to correctly report fetch errors.

- Fixed handling of non-rate-limiting errors to avoid invoking backoff-retry function.



## Coming Soon!

### Final Reminder: Update to Query Language to follow De Morgan's Law

To maintain language correctness, J1QL will fulfill shorthand filters in accordance 
with De Morgan's Law. This improvement only impacts queries that use the 
operators `!=`, `!~=`, `!^=`, `!$=` when operating on a group of values.

For example, 

```j1ql
FIND jira_user WITH accountType != ('atlassian' OR 'app' OR 'customer')
```

is the equivalent of

```j1ql
FIND jira_user WITH 
  accountType != 'atlassian' AND 
  accountType !=  'app' AND 
  accountType !=  'customer'
```

In short, J1QL interprets the above query to return all `jira_user` entities, 
excluding those that have an `accountType` value of `atlassian` or `app` or `customer`. 

!!!  warning
  **This is a breaking change!** We are taking precautions to ensure saved questions 
  and queries are not inadvertently affected.  

```
We are running maintenance jobs to update all saved queries in questions, 
alerts, and Insights dashboard widgets during the rollout of this change.
You do NOT have to make those changes manually.

However, if you have stored queries outside of your JupiterOne account 
(such as in a custom script), please update those queries accordingly. 
```

 !!! note
    This change is planned to release on **Tuesday, Aug 31, 2021**.
