# JupiterOne 2021.76 Release

2021-07-27

## New Features and Improvements

- The Policies app has an updated look & feel.
- JupiterOne now supports importing different versions of the same compliance framework.
- JupiterOne has optimizated J1QL query autocomplete. This decreases the latency between typing & showing results.
- Users can now use the date a policy/procedure was created within a template by using the `{{createdDate}}` variable.
- URLs in the status checker widget can now be clicked on in order to navigate to the link.
- The Asset Inventory App now uses consistent date formats (previously, certain attributes were shown having a timestamp instead of a date/time).
- JupiterOne has added a "Removed" chip to entity properties that used to have a value but were manually removed, allowing a user to see what data is not present.

## New Integrations

### Kubernetes Beta

We continue to work on an [integration for Kubernetes](https://github.com/JupiterOne/graph-kubernetes/blob/master/docs/jupiterone.md) clusters. [Please reach out](https://forms.gle/HoPsNdtMPwdzVA367) if you're interested in using the integration and help us make it valuable for your operations!

### Salesforce Beta

We also continue to enhance our [integration for Salesforce](https://github.com/JupiterOne/graph-salesforce/blob/master/docs/jupiterone.md). The integration currently ingests groups, users, user roles, and permission sets to support user access review and monitoring in JupiterOne. [Please reach out](https://forms.gle/HoPsNdtMPwdzVA367) if you're interested in using the integration. We'd love to hear your thoughts on what to add to make the integration valuable for you.


### AWS
- New relationships added:
  | Source Entity `_type` | Relationship `_class` | Target Entity `_type` |
  | --------------------- | --------------------- | --------------------- |
  | `aws_dynamodb`        | **SENDS**             | `aws_cloudtrail`      |
  | `aws_dynamodb_table`  | **SENDS**             | `aws_cloudtrail`      |
  | `DataStore`           | **LOGS (TO)**         | `aws_s3_bucket`       |
- New properties added to resources:
  | Entity                              | Properties                                       |
  | ----------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------ |
  | `aws_elasticache_cluster_node`      | `hostname`                                       |
  | `aws_elasticache_memcached_cluster` | `hostname`                                       |
  | `aws_db_instance`                   | `hostname`                                       |
  | `aws_rds_cluster`                   | `loggingEnabled`, `enabledCloudwatchLogsExports` |
  | `aws_db_instance`                   | `loggingEnabled`, `enabledCloudwatchLogsExports` |
- JupiterOne has added `classic` to `aws_elb.category` property (Classic ELB).
- JupiterOne has improved the consistency of setting the `value` property of Route53 records to
  always remove the ending period. This allows for more consistent mapping for
  the domain records to the corresponding entity they connect to. The ending
  period, if present, is preserved in the `aliasTarget` and `resourceRecords`
  properties.
### Crowdstrike
- JupiterOne has fixed the timeout of `synchronize` step for large data sets
### GitHub
- JuptierOne has migrated to latest integration SDK for improved error handling and reporting.
- JupiterOne now supports uploading large raw data payloads for `github_pull_request` entities by removing `head` and `base` properties.
### Google Cloud
- JupiterOne will not fail during the step that fetches App Engine Applications even when
  `appengine.apps.get` responds with a `404`.
- JuptierOne added support for ingesting the following **new** relationships:
  | Source               | class        | Target                       |
  | -------------------- | ------------ | ---------------------------- |
  | `google_iam_binding` | **ASSIGNED** | `google_group`               |
  | `google_iam_binding` | **ASSIGNED** | `google_iam_service_account` |
  | `google_iam_binding` | **ASSIGNED** | `google_user`                |
  | `google_iam_binding` | **USES**     | `google_iam_role`            |
- JupiterOne now handles cases where global `google_compute_image` has been removed from Google
  Cloud and results in a `404` status code when attempting to fetch
- JupiterOne will not fail in the step that fetches resource manager project when project cannot
  be fetched.
### Qualys
- JupiterOne now provides details from the response body in the case of `400 Bad Request` when verifying authentication.
- Fix handling of `200 UNAUTHORIZED` and display to user as a configuration/authorization issue.
### Okta
- JupiterOne has migrated to latest integration SDK for improved error handling and reporting.
- New properties added to resource:
  | Entity      | Properties   |
  | ----------- | ------------ |
  | `okta_user` | `mfaEnabled` |
- New entity added:
  | Resources | Entity `_type` | Entity `_class` |
  | --------- | -------------- | --------------- |
  | Okta Rule | `okta_rule`    | `Configuration` |
- New relationships added:
  | Source Entity `_type` | Relationship `_class` | Target Entity `_type` |
  | --------------------- | --------------------- | --------------------- |
  | `okta_account`        | **HAS**               | `okta_rule`           |
  | `okta_rule`           | **MANAGES**           | `okta_user_group`     |
