# JupiterOne 2021.69 Release

2021-04-21

## New Features and Improvements

- Made the "Add new dashboard" to Insights view more clear by removing checkboxes (the view is single select, not multi select).

- Made the alerts app sort by severity when it is loaded.

- Added a minimum height to compliance evidence query results.

- Display "considerations" when available, in the editing view of a procedure in the Policies app.
 
- Also updated all existing procedures to have considerations if available from the templates.

## Integrations

### Azure

- Added an option to auto-configure additional integrations for each
  subscription in a directory/tenant that does not have a "JupiterOne" tag set
  to "SKIP". Find this setting on the integration instance that you have
  configured to ingest Active Directory data from Azure.
- Added the `enabled` property to `azure_security_center_setting` entities.
- Added support for ingesting the following **new** resources:

  | Service         | Resource / Entity                                 |
  | --------------- | ------------------------------------------------- |
  | Security Center | `azure_security_center_setting`                   |
  | Security Center | `azure_security_center_auto_provisioning_setting` |
  | Policy          | `azure_policy_definition`                         |
  | Policy          | `azure_policy_set_definition`                     |
  
- Only ingest an entity for the subscription identified by the `subscriptionId`
  config field. Previously, the integration would create an entity for every
  subscription, though none of the resources would be ingested. This new
  behavior limits the scope to the subscription defined by `subscriptionId`.
- Fixed fetch errors related to fetching storage accounts when they do not
  support file and blob resources.
- Improved error messaging when `Directory.Read.All` permission is not present
  and `config.ingestActiveDirectory=true`.
- Fixed `DuplicateKeyError`s errors on `azure_vm_uses_storage_account` when
  multiple data disks point to the same storage account.
  
### Cobalt

Initial release of Cobalt.io integration (beta)! 🎉
- Check out the
  [docs](../docs/integrations/cobalt/index.md)
  for details on what's currently supported.
  
### Gitlab

- Fixed failure to complete ingestion for some large Gitlab accounts by moving
  to latest infrastructure.
  
### Google Cloud

- Added support for ingesting the following **new** resources:

  | Service               | Resource / Entity                                             |
  | --------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- |
  | API Gateway           | `google_api_gateway_api`                                      |
  |                       | `google_api_gateway_api_config`                               |
  |                       | `google_api_gateway_gateway`                                  |
  | Certificate Authority | `google_privateca_certificate_authority`                      |
  |                       | `google_privateca_certificate`                                |
  | Cloud Functions       | `google_cloud_function` **USES** `google_iam_service_account` |
  | Spanner               | `google_spanner_instance`                                     |
  |                       | `google_spanner_instance_database`                            |
  |                       | `google_spanner_instance_config`                              |

- Remove ingestion of raw data from `google_compute_instance` as it can contain
  a significant amount of data
  
### Jamf

- Fixed a regression that prevented connections to Jamf servers running on port
  `8443`.
  
### Qualys

- Added additional properties to `discovered_host` `Host` mapped entities:
 
  - `tags`: Simple Qualys asset tag values (i.e. `tags: ["Cloud Agent"]`)

- Added additional properties to `aws_instance` `Host` mapped entities:

  - `tag.*`: Named tag properties from EC2 instance (i.e. `tag.Owner = "value"`)
  - `tags`: Simple Qualys asset tag values (i.e. `tags: ["Cloud Agent"]`)
  - `qualysFirstDiscoveredOn`
  - `qualysLastUpdatedOn`
  - `accountId`
  - `region`
  - `state`
  - `reservationId`
  - `availabilityZone`
  - `subnetId`
  - `vpcId`
  - `instanceId`
  - `instanceType`
  - `imageId`
  - `privateDnsName`
  - `publicDnsName`
  - `publicIpAddress`
  
- Added `Vulnerability.qid` to support mapping
  `TheatIntel.vulnId === Vulnerability.qid`. Note that `ThreatIntel.vulnId` must
  be of type `number` for the mapping to function.
  A Qualys detection may be associated with many CVEs. These detections become
  entities having
  `{ _class: 'Vulnerability', _type: 'cve', id: 'CVE-ID-HERE', qid: 123456 }`.
  When there are no CVEs associated with the detection, entities are produced as
  `{ _class: 'Vulnerability', _type: 'qualys_vuln', id: '123456', qid: 123456 }`.
  All `id` properties are intended to be String values; `qid` is a number to
  reflect the type of the value from the source, supporting queries such as
  `find Vulnerabilty with qid=123456`.
- Fixed missing `_key` on `aws_instance` `Host` mapped entities.

## Bug Fixes

- Fixed issue where full screen graph viewer didn't work properly in insights
- Resolved an issue where the graph viewer would leave a blank space at the bottom of the question results container
- Fixed an issue where a new insights board could not be selected
- Fixed an issue where the compliance onboarding modal would incorrectly route when you close the modal
- Fixed an issue where the CREATE_JIRA_TICKET would save the incorrect format when configuring a rule action
- Fixed an issue where invalid characters were preventing the import of certain compliance standards
- Fixed an issue where the asset inventory would show "No Data" instead of a loading indicator
- Fixed an issue where a question with invalid syntax would cause an unhelpful and un-descriptive error message to appear
- Fixed an issue where certain users with scoped permissions would be unable to login via SSO
- Fixed an issue where query history was not working as expected
