
# JupiterOne 2021.85 Release

December 3, 2021

## Integrations

### GitHub

- Added a new permission to the JupiterOne GitHub app to ensure that pull requests from private repositories are 
  ingested correctly. You must grant the `Read-only` permission for `Issues` if you want to ingest pull requests 
  from private repositories. GitHub automatically sends an email to your GitHub Admin requesting this access.

- Improved token refresh logic to ensure that tokens are refreshed regularly.

- Made improvements to ensure that timeouts and other issues do not occur when importing large datasets.

- Fixed an issue that occurred when GitHub environments with the same name and secrets with the same name caused 
  the creation of duplicate keys.

### Google Cloud

- `google_iam_binding_allows_resource` mapped relationships are now created with an `ALLOWS` class instead of `HAS`.

### KnowBe4

- Added support for ingesting the following new resources:

| Resources                                | Entity `_type`                          | Entity `_class` |
| -----------------------------------------| --------------------------------------- | ----------------|
| KnowBe4 Phishing Security Test Results   | `knowbe4_phishing_security_test_result` | Record          |

- Added support for ingesting the following new relationships:

| Source Entity '_type'           | Relationship `_class` | Target Entity `_type`                   |
| --------------------------------| --------------------- | --------------------------------------- |
| `knowbe4_phishing_security_test`| CONTAINS              | `knowbe4_phishing_security_test_result` |
| `knowbe4_user`                  | HAS                   | `knowbe4_phishing_security_test_result` |

### Qualys

- `Finding -> discovered_host` mapping now uses the actual `qualysAssetId` for the target asset instead of `qWebHostId`,  
  which caused mappings to not be created properly.

- Changed the `qualysHostId` property name on the `discovered_host` target asset to `qualysQWebHostId` to more accurately 
  represent which value is being used.

- Fixed a failure to properly map `Service - SCANS -> Host` relationships. The mapping target entity value for 
  `discovered_host.qualysAssetId` must match the `Finding.hostId` so that `Service - SCANS -> Host` and 
  `Finding <- HAS - Host` relationships connect to the same host assets.

### Splunk

- Released version 1.1 of the Splunk Add-on for JupiterOne and the Splunk App for JupiterOne

- Added the ability to optionally import entities and properties associated with a JupiterOne alert into Splunk

- Added a link from Splunk back to the alert in JupiterOne 

- Additional details on the Splunk Marketplace for the [Add-on](https://splunkbase.splunk.com/app/6138/) and [App](https://splunkbase.splunk.com/app/6139/)

## Fixes and Resolutions

- Fixed the button layout in the graph viewer so that the buttons do not cover the filters.
