# JupiterOne 2021.74 Release

2021-06-30

## New Features and Improvements

- “Approves” asset relationships will now appear as green in the graph and “Denies” relationships will now appear as red

- Customers can now “Tag” rules in order to group them together and search for them more easily

- Customers can now configure a policy PDF download to include/exclude a Policy ID and revision number on it. They can also check a box to remove the “Powered by J1" at the bottom of the document

- Added new summary page to the compliance app that gives an overview of your total compliance percentage

- Added pages for viewing People, Vendors, Apps, and risks to the compliance app

- COMING SOON: J1QL queries will soon support returned property aliases. 

e.g.

     
      Find Person as p that is User as u
      Return
        p.name as Name, 
        p.acceptedSecurityPolicyOn as "Accepted Security Policy", 
        p.backgroundCheck as "Completed Background Check"
      (edited)


## Integrations

### Auth0

- Initial release of an integration with Auth0. Please see [documentation](https://github.com/JupiterOne/graph-auth0/blob/master/docs/jupiterone.md)
for more details.

### Google Cloud

- [#255](https://github.com/JupiterOne/graph-google-cloud/issues/255) - Ensure
  that `google_redis_instance` and `google_memcache_instance` use unique `_key`
  values

- [#243](https://github.com/JupiterOne/graph-google-cloud/issues/243) - Always
  assign boolean value to `public` property on `google_storage_bucket`

- [#248](https://github.com/JupiterOne/graph-google-cloud/issues/248) - Always
  execute steps in org child projects even if child project has service disabled

- New properties added to resources:

  | Entity                    | Properties             |
  | ------------------------- | ---------------------- |
  | `google_compute_instance` | `serviceAccountEmails` |
  | `google_cloud_function` | `serviceAccountEmail` |

- Added support for ingesting the following **new** relationships:

  | Source                   | \_class    | Target                   |
  | ------------------------ | ---------- | ------------------------ |
  | `google_compute_network` | `CONNECTS` | `google_compute_network` |

### GitHub

- [JupiterOne/integrations#5](https://github.com/JupiterOne/integrations/issues/5)
  Use `name || login` for `displayName` of `Account` and `User` entities.

### Qualys

- Configure host detection types with `Potential,Confirmed` in the
  `vmdrFindingTypes` instance config field (`VMDR_FINDING_TYPES` in `.env`).

- Only host detections with types `Potential,Confirmed` are ingested by default.
  It is recommended to avoid ingesting `Info` detections until you're ready to
  process them in a meaningful way.


## Bug Fixes
 
- Fixed bug that caused jupiterone_user and jupiterone_user_group entities in the graph

- Fixed bug that caused query policies to be combined improperly when users belong to multiple groups with different query policies. Query policies are now combined to expand scope if multiple query policies apply to user.




