
# JupiterOne 2021.83 Release

November 1, 2021

## Integration Job Scheduling Improvements

Historically JupiterOne has allowed you to set a polling interval for each integration configuration you create in your JupiterOne account.  We have consistently been asked for more control over when integration jobs run to prevent APIs and other resources from being used by JupiterOne when it impacts more mission critical activities.  We are adding a small improvement that allows your set an hour of the day or day of the week, depending on which polling interval you select in the configuration.

### Expected GA Date

29 October 2021

### Description

When you are using the `ONE_DAY` or `ONE_WEEK` polling intervals on a integration configuration, we have added the ability to specify an hour of the day or day of the week.

- `ONE_DAY` supports a setting for the hour of the day
- `ONE_WEEK` support setting for hour of the day and/or day of the week

### What changes are coming?

In this initial release, a new optional parameter, `pollingIntervalCronExpression`, has been added to the [JupiterOne Platform API](/docs/jupiterone-api.md).  It can only be set by making an API call.  There is not a way to view or update the setting in the UI.

#### Setting the hour

When using the `ONE_DAY` polling interval, you can pass an optional `pollingIntervalCronExpression` to specify a time of day for the integration to execute.

The following configuration would set an integration to execute daily between 00:00 and 01:00 UTC.

```json
{
  "pollingInterval": "ONE_DAY",
  "pollingIntervalCronExpression": { "hour": 0 }
}
```

`pollingIntervalCronExpression.hour` accepts an integer between 0 and 23.

#### Setting the day

When using the `ONE_WEEK` polling interval, you can pass an optional `pollingIntervalCronExpression` to specify a day of the week and a time of day for the integration to execute.

The following configuration would set an integration to execute weekly on Sunday between 00:00 and 01:00 UTC.

```json
{
  "pollingInterval": "ONE_DAY",
  "pollingIntervalCronExpression": { "hour": 0, "dayOfWeek": 0 }
}
```

`pollingIntervalCronExpression.dayOfWeek` accepts an integer between 0 (Sunday) and 6 (Saturday).

#### Example Mutation

This is an example of a GraphQL mutation that updates the hour and day of the week for a specific configuration of an integration in JupiterOne:

```json
mutation integrationInstance(
  $id: String!,
  $pollingIntervalCronExpression: IntegrationPollingIntervalCronExpressionInput
) {
  updateIntegrationInstance(
    id: $id,
    update: {
      pollingIntervalCronExpression: $pollingIntervalCronExpression
    }
  ) {
    id
    name
    pollingInterval
    pollingIntervalCronExpression { 
      hour
      dayOfWeek
    }
  }
}
```

And the associated variables for the mutation:

```json
{
  "id": "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000",
  "pollingIntervalCronExpression": {
    "hour": 0,
    "dayOfWeek": 0
  }
}
```

The variables that are included:

`id`: the `id` of the configuration that you want to update the hour and/or day of week for.  This is visible in each integration configuration in your account. To look this up in your JupiterOne account go to Settings > Integration > {integration name} > {configuration name} > value in the ID field

`hour`: an integer between 0 and 23 that represents the hour of the day in UTC that you want the integration to run.

`dayofWeek`: an integer between 0 and 6 that represents the day of the week Sunday through Saturday that you want the integration to run.

#### Example Query

This is an example of a GraphQL query that returns the current values in the `hour` and `dayOfWeek` parameters for a specific configuration of an integration in JupiterOne:

```json
query integrationInstance(
  $id: String!,
) {
  integrationInstance(
    id: $id,
  ) {
    id
    name
    pollingInterval
    pollingIntervalCronExpression { 
      hour
      dayOfWeek
    }
  }
}
```

And the variables for the query:

```json
{
  "id": "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000"
}
```

### Customer Impact

This is an optional setting.  If the value is not set, integration configurations will continue to run as usual.

If the `pollingIntervalCronExpression` has a value set for `hour` or `dayOfWeek` it is only applied to the the ONE_DAY or ONE_WEEK polling intervals.  Any other interval (like `THIRTY_MINUTES`, `FOUR_HOURS` or `TWELVE_HOURS`) will disregard these values.

If the polling interval is changed in the UI, the `hour` and `dayOfWeek` values will be maintained, but only applied if a supported interval is selected.

### Additional Information

General documentation on the [JupiterOne platform API](/docs/jupiterone-api.md).
