
# JupiterOne 28 January 2022 Release

January 28, 2022

## New Features and Improvements

-  "Get links to your accounts" on login page now provides a list of all accounts associated with your email address, not just Signle Sign-On accounts, making the login experience easier for users with multiple accounts. 

## Integrations

### Google Cloud
- Added new properties to entities.
| Entity                       | Property |
| ---------------------------- | -------- |
| `google_iam_service_account` | `active` |
- Fixed an issue where `_key` value was not properly assigned to deleted `google_compute_image` assets.
- Fixed an issue where `_key` value was not generated properly. This fix allows for correct mapping of `google_iam_binding` to `google_query_table` when creating `google_iam_binding_allows_resource` relationships.

### Azure
- Added new properties to entities.
| Entity | Property |
| ------ | -------- |
| `user` | `active` |

### NPM
- Improved error handling response when NPM registry API returns a 429 error.

### GitHub
- Added new properties to entities
| Entity        | Property |
| ------------- | -------- |
| `github_user` | `active` |
- Truncated potentially large `body` and `bodyText` property values from `github_issue`.
- Removed `body` and `bodyText` property values from `github_issue` raw data.

### Jira
- Added support for Jira API Version 2 (Jira Data Center 8.20.3).
- Added support for specifying the port in the `jiraHost` configuration file (such as `example.com:8080`).
- Added optional bulk ingestion feature to allow for collecting every single issue in a Jira project. This feature currently requires someone at JupiterOne to activate.
- Added `Issue` class to `jira_issue` entities.
- Added error handling for `Issue` ingestion to avoid one bad `Issue` causing the step to fail
  Collapse.

## Coming Soon
- Compliance Version 2.0: Major updates to the J1 Compliance app are in progress, and are planned for release next week. This new version includes the centralization and reusability of controls, a new look-and-feel, and improved navigation within the app.

