# JupiterOne 11 February 2022 Release
## February 11, 2022

## New Features and Improvements
- There is a new homepage dashboard, providing quick insights into what has changed in your environment and what actions you need to take. Key areas of interest include compliance gaps, problems with assets, and updates on critical assets.
- The Graph Viewer app has a new look-and-feel.
- In Compliance, you can now re-evaluate a control in a framework on an individual basis to update its status.
- Also in Compliance, the review frequency for requirements in a framework now defaults to a quarterly cadence.

## Integrations
### AWS

- Added the `rootUserPasswordLastChanged` and `rootUserPasswordNextRotation` properties on the `aws_account` entity.

### Azure

- Added a new property on virtual machines for `state`, indicating whether the machine is running or stopped.
- A property previously named `state` has been renamed to `provisioningState` as it reflects the virual machine's provision state.
- The `active` field also reflects the virtual machine's state.  It's values can be: `true` when the state is running, `false` when the state is stopped, or `undefined` if the state is not known.

### BambooHR

- New properties added

| Entity              | Property                                             |
| ------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------- |
| `bamboohr_employee` | `active: boolean`                                    |
| `bamboohr_employee` | `status: "Active", "Inactive"`                       |
| `bamboohr_employee` | `employmentHistoryStatus: "Contractor", "Full-Time"` |
| `bamboohr_employee` | `employeeNumber`                                     |

### Google Cloud

- Added a new optional parameter, `FOLDER_ID`, which allows ingestion to be restricted to a single folder and its children.  If omitted, ingestion will still occur at the organizational level.

### OneLogin

- Raw data for the `onelogin_user` entity was removed due to the large size.

### Signal Sciences
- A new integration for Signal Sciences was released.
- The following entities are created:

| Resources    | Entity `_type` | Entity `_class` |
| ------------ | -------------- | --------------- |
| Organization | `sigsci_corp`  | `Organization`  |
| User         | `sigsci_user`  | `User`          |

- The following relationships are created

| Source Entity `_type` | Relationship `_class` | Target Entity `_type` |
| --------------------- | --------------------- | --------------------- |
| `sigsci_corp`         | **HAS**               | `sigsci_user`         |

## Bug Fixes
- If you are using Azure SAML Group Assignment, you can now add users to multiple groups instead of just one.
- Questions linked as evidence for frameworks in the Compliance app are editable.
- Resolved issues related to sync jobs not unlocking following an unrecoverable error.
- Resolved issues related to deduplication of data in the Qualys integration.
